Documentation/ImportantTODO.md, before:

Bro, we will update this todo everytime:
when ever we checkin something we use this doc as a reference to do what is left mainly  we can use to collaborate or even a
whats app message will also do it.

Current status:
* Create git repository  --done
* Create gitlab account --done
* setup mongo db    -- todo (Gnyani) (Db creation due EOW by sunday night)
* Learn Gradle and spring with gradle --todo (Manoj) (URL:http://spring.io/guides)
* get used with intellij --todo(manoj)

- css transition 
- dashboard css on link -- **Done**
- Announcement board neat cheyali -- **partly Done**
- screen height -- **Done**
- important questions 
- Timeline ux
- User Roles -- **Done**
- change Register page -- **Done**
- main Page                               
- Edit style for comment views on timeline post -- **Done**
- print all the exceptions in logs
- give timeline dates based on available posts
- timeline should not let you to post null values -- **Done**
- timeline image for the person pasted  -- **Done**
- announcement delete and timeline delete -- **Done**
- move user objectCreation to a function in all the controllers -- **Done**
- optimise all the controllers
- multiple answers to a question
- upvotes, downvotes and comments
- Fixing bugs in question papers, syllabus, notes, assignments -- **Done**
- Ui enhancements for all the above as well.
- Profile Pic On hover 
- Change Question papers ,syllabus,Assignments,Notes to multiple tabs -- **Done**
- Ui validations make mobile number mandatory -- **Done**
- send otp before registering and register only iff otp is correct -- **Done**
- Start thinking about Entertainment page
- Date validation
- compound index on User object email and mobile number combo should be unique
- optimmize for mobile
- feedback support 
- parse message delivery status from text local and give appropriate notification inUI.
- Convert textlocal account to transactional from promotional
- image compression (reveify compression ratio)


- email sending at appropriate times
- create assignment with ability to give coding questions as well as theory questions (appropriate changes at student side, should use the compiler component in js)
- Home page for students showing various stats and updates
    - Like announcements related to college like exam fee remainder, notices etc
    - updates like your friends recently submitted a assignment
    - you have pending assignments to take which are expiring soon.
- rewrite or reimplement forums with a proper design and strategy.(category tagging should be der)
- think about having a universal search
- push notification support

Commit message:

supporting multiple environments using spring profiles

Documentation/ImportantTODO.md, after:

Bro, we will update this todo everytime:
when ever we checkin something we use this doc as a reference to do what is left mainly  we can use to collaborate or even a
whats app message will also do it.

Current status:
* Create git repository  --done
* Create gitlab account --done
* setup mongo db    -- todo (Gnyani) (Db creation due EOW by sunday night)
* Learn Gradle and spring with gradle --todo (Manoj) (URL:http://spring.io/guides)
* get used with intellij --todo(manoj)

- css transition 
- dashboard css on link -- **Done**
- Announcement board neat cheyali -- **partly Done**
- screen height -- **Done**
- important questions 
- Timeline ux
- User Roles -- **Done**
- change Register page -- **Done**
- main Page                               
- Edit style for comment views on timeline post -- **Done**
- print all the exceptions in logs
- give timeline dates based on available posts
- timeline should not let you to post null values -- **Done**
- timeline image for the person pasted  -- **Done**
- announcement delete and timeline delete -- **Done**
- move user objectCreation to a function in all the controllers -- **Done**
- optimise all the controllers
- multiple answers to a question
- upvotes, downvotes and comments
- Fixing bugs in question papers, syllabus, notes, assignments -- **Done**
- Ui enhancements for all the above as well.
- Profile Pic On hover 
- Change Question papers ,syllabus,Assignments,Notes to multiple tabs -- **Done**
- Ui validations make mobile number mandatory -- **Done**
- send otp before registering and register only iff otp is correct -- **Done**
- Start thinking about Entertainment page
- Date validation
- compound index on User object email and mobile number combo should be unique -- **Done**
- optimmize for mobile
- feedback support 
- parse message delivery status from text local and give appropriate notification inUI.
- Convert textlocal account to transactional from promotional
- image compression (reveify compression ratio)


- email sending at appropriate times
- create assignment with ability to give coding questions as well as theory questions (appropriate changes at student side, should use the compiler component in js)
- Home page for students showing various stats and updates
    - Like announcements related to college like exam fee remainder, notices etc
    - updates like your friends recently submitted a assignment
    - you have pending assignments to take which are expiring soon.
- rewrite or reimplement forums with a proper design and strategy.(category tagging should be der)
- think about having a universal search
- push notification support
- Comments for notes
- Delete option for notes
- meta data for notes like timestamp and all
- if an assignment is deleted what should happen to submissions of the corressponding assignment?
- support for edit at various places like announcements and reviews


** TODO for first release

- Comments for notes
- Delete option for notes
- meta data for notes like timestamp and all
- Timeline add dates for atleast an year(DONE till here) and also create an expiration policy on backend
- Export assignment reports as excel
- Email support(Should need to be done)
- Data finding and uploading organizedly (Qp and syllabus basically)
- Submit button confirmation everywhere
- Auto save assignemt every 3 0r 4 mins so the student wont loose the data
- Support for the students and teachers to give the feedback on the website. Additionally allowing them to upload the screenshot will help us in giving proper support.
- many bug fixes
- if possible automate the deployment to make our life simple
- Forums either make it complete or remove it for now?
- Multi environment support for spring boot. Makes deployment simpler. Good to do it before the deployment. --InProgress
- Time stamp for announcements
- Add question should actually add question to the list (teacher side assignment creation issue) (**DONE** - Gnyani)
- Decide on the company name (Beyond class or student adda) if beyond class domain is not available forget it. --InProgress
- Finish the f*****g coding assignemt
