Documentation/myworkingplan.md, before:

Studies
1. Question Papers:
    1. current sem all subjects maybe?(users/questionpapers) -- Done
    2. make him choose what ever question paper he needs(users/questionpapers/other) -- Done

2. Questions (sorted per unit) with answers ? Not sure need to discuss further more -- Manual
3. Syllabus 
    1. current sem syllabus all subjects or maybe selected subject (users/syllabus)
    2. other sems and other branches syllabus
4. Assignments
    1. should be able to upload assignments (users/uploadassignments)
    2. should be able to view current sems asignments (only his class assignments based on subject)
5. Notes 
    similar to assignments
    
6. Stationary ??
    
7. coaching centers 
    1. GRE
    2. GATE
    3. GMAT
    4. CAT
    5. CIVILS
8. competitive exams
    1. resources
    2. mock tests if possible (links to free mock tests)
    3. How to prepare
9. Technical fests
    1. inter college fests
    2. Useful meetups
10. Internships
    1. apply for interns
    2. track status
11. Books
    1. Sources for

Commit message:

adding notes end point and removing section from qp

Documentation/myworkingplan.md, after:

Studies
1. Question Papers:
    1. current sem all subjects maybe?(users/questionpapers) -- Done
    2. make him choose what ever question paper he needs(users/questionpapers/other) -- Done

2. Questions (sorted per unit) with answers ? Not sure need to discuss further more -- Manual
3. Syllabus 
    1. current sem syllabus all subjects or maybe selected subject (users/syllabus) --Done
    2. other sems and other branches syllabus --Done
4. Assignments
    1. should be able to upload assignments (users/uploadassignments) --Done
    2. should be able to view current sems asignments (only his class assignments based on subject) --Done
5. Notes 
    similar to assignments -- done , for notes & assignments do we need to seperate section wise, I am feeling branch wise would be good.
    
6. Stationary ??
    
7. coaching centers 
    1. GRE
    2. GATE
    3. GMAT
    4. CAT
    5. CIVILS
8. competitive exams
    1. resources
    2. mock tests if possible (links to free mock tests)
    3. How to prepare
9. Technical fests
    1. inter college fests
    2. Useful meetups
10. Internships
    1. apply for interns
    2. track status
11. Books
    1. Sources for 
    
12. Quora and Stackoverflow integration (search about these)    
    
User

1. Forgot password
2. Update Profile
